1. Start with your Intro, Roles & Resposibilities ?
2. what is VPC, Subnet ?
3. Can we change the Public Ip of an existing VM ?
4. What is git stash, Merge, Rebase & Merge Conflict ?
5. If two devlopers are working on the same remote repo with separate branches each can they get a conflict at adding changes to remote repo ?
6. Explain ELB ?
7. What is Auto Scaling in AWS ?
8. In Azure Repos you got a merge conflict how can you resolve it ?

> 2023-02-17 for Mumbai
1. In this 2 years gap what have done ?
2. You done EEE in B.tech, why didn't you tried in that ?
3. Have done any certifications in DevOps, are there any planings to do in later ?
4. What are the linux servers you worked on ?
5. Have you executed basic commands or admin level commands, are you aware of admin commands ?
6. In centOS, if you want to install web servers, what is the command you use ?
7. Do you know the default location of the apache ?
8. Do you know the the SSL certificate, how can we get that, what are the steps ?
9. I want to check the configuration of a server, PS, no of CPU, RAM, partition, disk size, how ?
10. In package managers what are the difference between RPM and YUM ?
11. Do you know the working of dns(Domain Naming System) ?
12. Have you worked with Docker & K8s, What are the Por's and con's of them ?
13. When we execute git rebase what will happen ?
14. Have you ever installed jenkins war file ?
15. What is the difference on JAR, WAR & EAR files ?
16. Is apache tomcat web server or application server ?
17. Do you know web logic & web spier ?
18. What are the 3-tier & 4-tier architectures ?
19. What are components in docker architecture ?
20. What is the difference between task & roles in ansibles ?
21. What is shell ?
22. What is the role of shell ?
23. How it helps the user application & kernal ?
24. For shell we have given a name what is it ?
25. In shell script what is the first line we write, why we write it, what is it's effect ?
26. How can we set Cron job ?
27. What is the format to set the cron job ?
    