1. Start with your Intro ?
2. Tell me about the K8s Architecture ?
3. What is the Pod ?
4. Can i run 2 Containers in a single Pod ?
5. How do you Build a high availability cluster in k8s ?
6. You're familiar with the deployment on K8s, let's say i deployed one deployment on K8s, but it's gone wrong, i want to roleback how can you do that ?
7. What is ISTIO ? 
8. What is the service-mesh ? what is the concept ? why do we need it ?
9. Are you femiliar with sheel scripting ?
10. I have a big text file with data, then how do you write a command to get a perticular word in that file ?
11. How meny years of experience do you have ?
12. Do you have any python Knowledge or any other programing language ?
13. Can you tell me flask used for sum frame work ?
14. If anybody is running a web application in python so what he must be using ?
15. so any other frame work you heard of that devloper must be using python, flask or anyother things you heard that ok this is also required or anthings missing ?
16. what kind of applications you have experience of deploying ?
17. so what is pom.xml ?
18. As a devops engineer how can you secure your K8s cluster ?
19. tell me about anything K8s container security when a customer ask how my workload will secure ?
20. Overall cluster workload security of k8s ?
21. In the image you find some vulnerability, how can patch those vulnerabilities, what are the points were you can fix these vulnerabilities ?
22. What is the Dockerfile, why do we need it ?
23. You familier with jenkins, Ansible, Helm, Grafana, ArgoCD ?
24. Can you tell me what is the shift Left Strategie ?
25. How can make a DevOps Pipeline Into a DevSecOps Pipeline, how you are integrating the security part into your DevOps ?



> Round-02 2023-02-15

1. Could you please walk me with your profile ?
2. You working with the same companie?
3. Can you please explain about azure repos ?
4. Can you please explain about what containers does azure devops suports ?
5. What is Azure service fabric applications with docker support ?
6. Explain about azure pipelines ?
7. Can you please let me know about what is doc file effect & how to prevent it ?
8. Have ever come accros with cache stampede in Azure DevOps ?
9. Do you have any experience about registory, file storage, user accounts & access control ?
10. Can you please explain about event log monitoring & log audit ?
11. What is involved in audit log monitoring ?
12. Can you explain about yaml schema refernce for azure pipelines ?
13. Can you please explain about yaml pipeline editor ?
14. Once you enter into the portal how will you find the editor ?
15. Do you have experience in DevOps & CI/CD deployment, Can you please let me know what is CICD deployment ?
16. Can you please explain about build & deploy to Azure K8s service with with Azure pipelines in Yaml pipeline version ?





