Interview Qustions
------------------
1. Can you please breaf your self about & your project & regular tasks & how you manage those things ?
2. What are the tools that you thave used for mutipule projects for the integrations, deployments ?
3. May i know which cloud technology that you used in your projects most ?
4. Are having any knowledge of Azure Cloud ?
5. What is the Knowledge that we need to have to work with Azure ?
6. If i wanted to create a CI pipeline in Azure DevOps, how would i create it for a .net application ?
7. For that we require a server where it will present ?
8. If you wanted to having the server on Azure Cloud, how you make the connection between Azure Cloud and Azure DevOps ?
9. If i have a merge apper and one of my manager told to that it is not required, so how can undo the merge ?
10. What is git fetch, explain ?
11. Did you use any Branching Strategies ?
12. Are using any Branching Policies, Like how many users should be accecpt the request or any review process that you have implemented ?
13. Are using GIT as a individual system or Azure Repo ?
14. Which project that you worked with Azure DevOps ?
15. You have S3 Bucket AWS, want to create same service in Azure, which do you select ?
16. How do you manage the resources in Azure ?
17. One of my user is working from home when he tries to connect to one of the virtusl machine that was hosted on the Azure, it say unable to connect to remote system, what kind trouble shoot you do ?
18. Is it possible to create VM using resource manager in our Virtual Network that was created using Classic Deployment ?
19. Do you know why Azure Active Directory used, my all the user are able to access everything, i have my on-premises Active Directory servers, how were we have taken the services from Azure ?
20. Do you have a knowledge of scripting language that you have work on ?
21. I wanted check on of my agent is going shuting down, stoping the connection, not responding & also linux machine & i wanted to check the logs of that , So what would be the command to do that ?
22. Any other languages or scripting, YAML or Jason ?
23. How you declare the Parameters in YAML, Creating parameter in YAML ?
24. Have you ever worked on the configuration management tool, what are the tools that you have worked ?
25. There are the different machines(managed nodes), but i wanted to do deployment in perticular specific one group how we do that ?
26. what is the variable in ansible and how can the list of variables ?
27. most of people say ansible is working only on linux, i have windows machine & linux machine will it work on them ?
28. what is the playbook and ad-hoc ?
29. How do you identify ansible that wanted to connected to perticular machine ?
30. If i have different production environments how can you maintain that ?
31. where do you write host file & what is the path of the file in linux machine ?
32. What kind of modules available in ansible ?
33. Have you work on the monitoring system ?
34. what is ELK ?
35. if i have some tools that falling all the logs , i wanted to inject the logs to elastisearch how can we do that ?
36. If i have a metrics, i use metricbeat , will it allow me to inject only metrics or logs also ?
37. If your using cloud service , have configured all applications that you have taken from the logwatch and inserting into the elastic search, what are the tools ?
38. what you done so far in AWS, share about few project information ?
39. What is the transit gateway and it's uses ?
40. Lets supose 10 ec2 instances running in different az's cutomer requested for increase root volume & this all ec2 instances are running with auto-scalings, how can we do that ?
41. can we use Cloud Formation or terraform to do the above task ?
42. what is the difference between Non cloud AD and Cloud Ad ?
43. You have the aurora database running in multi az's you have to do version (buzzer upgrade), what process you follow ?
44. Let me know about your current companie & how people are working on DevOps position ?
45. Are you ok to relocate to work from office ?
46. Did you know the Terraform ?
47. What is the basic structure of terraform ?